Why don't I know?
The company's profits have doubled by 4
That's a terrible statistic.
How hard is it to be unaware?
I thought the company had done so much
But what about Chen Xunnan?
He wants to control you
You are not allowed to interact with other men
He was rude to you
You are just an accessory
Is it just an accessory?
You want to be an accessory for life
If you don't want to leave
An eye above the top like him
How could I like someone like you?
So stop dreaming.
He will never like you
Why did you bring that woman to the dance?
Without Li Na
Mom
In fact, if I don't leave her, I won't be right
Mom will definitely find someone to deal with and support
Gotta clear him first, I'll settle down
Face him and do things that hurt and derelict his duty
Have you decided?
Mom, the reason why I kept him in the company
Because he can see the data of various stocks
What since he came to the company
The company's profits have quadrupled
Think about it otherwise
Why do I put a disembodied
The woman who did it stayed in the company
Right?
It turned out to be for another purpose